Come here.
Help me tie my tie.
You don't even know how to tie your own tie?
Charlotte, you're not the noble Miss Bolton anymore.
You need to remember you're my personal servant.
Over my dead body.
Listen, if you can't adjust to your new status,
then not only will you face consequences,
but your biological mother, Yolanda,
she will also be kicked out.
Now we made a deal.
You served the Bolton family.
And if not, we're going to sue you for everything you have.
You don't mean that, Aaron.
Just because she's not your biological mother
doesn't mean she didn't raise you for 21 years.
Does that mean nothing to you?
If no idea what those years were like for me.
Yolanda was abused by that drunken husband of hers.
She couldn't protect me.
It alone herself.
My childhood was absolute hell, Charlotte.
You don't know what that experience was like.
Now just do what you're supposed to do and tie my tie.